# holiday_planner_database
To build a holiday planner site with corresponding database which will fulfill the necessities of a tourist planning for a vacation with information about tourist attractions, history, weather, hotels, transport services and social media trends of respective city of interest.

The project requires static data about tourist attractions, hotels, transport services to be obtained from their respective websites through web scraping and pre-defined datasets. It also requires dynamic data about weather and social media trends to be obtained from a weather website and social media websites through their respective APIs. All the above data is to be collected for popular cities of The United States of America.
The intention of the project is to offer one stop solution for all the basic information required by a tourist for his/her travel plan. Existing sites/databases are more confined to a specific information rather than providing everything required. This site/database will reduce the time and effort spent in searching data at multiple places. In addition, this site/database is integrated with social media trends which can give a wider view about the current happenings at respective cities.
Background Research: Background research included framing necessities of a tourist from various resources and verifying whether the existing holiday websites hold information regarding the same. Most of the website databases lacked one or the other necessary information. For example, a website which provided information about flights lacked information on tourist attractions and another website, which provided information about tourist attractions and hotels didn’t have information about flights and latest weather.
